Fixed #24686 -- Allowed moving a model between apps. (#16905)
django/django: docs/releases/5.2.txt

What's new in Django 5.2
========================

Moving model between apps
-------------------------

> The migration framework now auto-detects moving models between apps and
> supports doing so without database operations if a moved model's database table
> remains the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The migration framework now detects and supports moving models moving between
apps. See :ref:`moving-model-between-apps` for details.
```
